# 17 - Super Future Equities Inc v Wells Fargo Bank Minnesota NA

**Total Pages:** 16

---

## Page 1

Super Future Equities, Inc. v. Wells Fargo Bank Minnesota, N.A., Not Reported in...
69 Fed.R.Serv.3d 986, RICO Bus.Disp.Guide 11,429
 © 2025 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 1
KeyCite Yellow Flag
 Disagreed With by Continental Cas. Co. v. First Financial Employee Leasing,
Inc., M.D.Fla., June 3, 2010
KeyCite Overruling Risk
 Overruling Risk Hill v. Tangherlini, 7th Cir.(Ill.), August 1, 2013
2007 WL 4410370
United States District Court,
N.D. Texas,
Dallas Division.
SUPER FUTURE EQUITIES, INC., Plaintiff,
v.
WELLS FARGO BANK MINNESOTA,
N.A.; Orix Capital Markets, LLC; Orix Capital
Markets Partnership; John Dinan; Michael F.
Wurst; Clifford Weiner; James R. Thompson;
and Orix USA Corporation, Defendants.
Civil Action No. 3: 06-CV-0271-B.
|
Dec. 14, 2007.
Attorneys and Law Firms
Timothy F. Gavin, Charles J. Blanchard, Richard A. Rohan,
Carrington Coleman Sloman & Blumenthal, Dallas, TX, Jon
P. Bohn, Bohn & Aucloux, Houston, TX, for Plaintiff.
Linda R. Stahl , Gerald C. Conley , Tonya M. Gray, William
G. Compton , Andrews Kurth, Eric W. Pinker , Amanda R.
Tyler, Jeremy Alan Fielding , Michael P. Lynn , Richard A.
Smith, Lynn Tillotson & Pinker, Kelly Rothermel Vickers ,
Beth G. Jaynes , Paul Edward Coggins , Victor C. Johnson ,
Fish & Richardson, Dallas, TX, for Defendants.
MEMORANDUM ORDER
JANE J. BOYLE, District Judge.
*1  Super Future Equities, Inc. (“SFE”) filed this action
against Wells Fargo Bank Minnesota, N.A. (“Wells Fargo”);
ORIX Capital Markets, LLC (“Orix” or “Orix Capital”);
ORIX USA Corporation (“Orix USA”); John Dinan; Michael
F. Wurst; Clifford Weiner; James R. Thompson; and ORIX
Capital Markets Partnership (“Orix Partnership”) 1, claiming
breach of fiduciary duty, negligence, gross negligence, breach
of contract, and civil violations of Racketeer Influenced and
Corrupt Organizations Act (“RICO”). 2 Presently before the
Court is Defendant Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.'s Motion for
Summary Judgment (doc. 314); Orix Defendants' Motion
for Summary Judgment (doc. 318); Defendant Wells Fargo's
Motion to Strike Certain of Plaintiff's Summary Judgment
Evidence (doc. 438); and Orix Defendants' Objections and
Motions to Strike Plaintiff's Evidence in Support of Its
Response to the Orix Defendants' Motion for Summary
Judgment (doc. 448). For the reasons that follow, the
Court GRANTS the Defendants' motions to strike Plaintiff's
evidence to the extent that they request the exclusion of
the portion of Thomas Arjmandi's declaration attempting to
value the certificates; the motions to strike other evidence are
DENIED as Moot. The Court also GRANTS the Defendants'
motions for summary judgment on all of SFE's claims.
I. Background
This case involves the world of Commercial Mortgage
Backed Securities (“CMBS”) transactions. In a traditional
mortgage loan situation, the loans are serviced by the
mortgage banker loan correspondents that originated the
loans. Deborah O. McKinnon et al, Standard Roles and
Responsibilities of the Master and SubServicers in CMBS
Transactions (Mortgage Bankers Association May, 2000).
However, CMBS transactions differ in that servicing is
provided by servicers who were not the originators of the
loans. Id. Disputes about these servicing activities have
spawned the controversy in this case.
In a CMBS transaction, a loan is funded and then sold
to a special purpose, bankruptcy-remote entity, which the
Court will refer to as a “trust.” (Orix Defs.' Br. in Supp.
of their Mot. for Summ. J. (“Orix's Br.”) 4). These trusts
purchase a number of loans to form a large, diversified
pool of loans. ( Id.). The purchase of these loans is funded
by the proceeds from the issuance of certificates that are
purchased by investors (known as “the certificate holders”).
(Id.). A Pooling and Servicing Agreement (“PSA”) sets out
the procedures for administering the loans, establishes the
priority for allocating the cash flow generated by the loans
among the certificate holders, and divides the responsibility
for trust matters among: (1) the Master Servicer, (2) the
Special Servicer, and (3) the Trustee. ( Id.; Wells Fargo's Br.
in Supp. of its Mot. For Summ. J. (“Wells Fargo's Br.”) 6).

## Page 2

Super Future Equities, Inc. v. Wells Fargo Bank Minnesota, N.A., Not Reported in...
69 Fed.R.Serv.3d 986, RICO Bus.Disp.Guide 11,429
 © 2025 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 2
The Master Servicer's  duties include collecting the loan
payments and passing the funds to the Trustee, enforcing loan
documents for untroubled loans, advancing late payments
to the Trustee, and providing performance reports to the
certificate holders. Baxter Dunaway, 4L Law of Distressed
Real Estate  § 56.14 (2007); Wells Fargo's Br. 6; Pl.'s Br.
in Resp. to Orix's Mot. for Summ. J. (“Pl.'s Resp. to Orix's
MSJ”) 1. The Master Servicer may transfer loans that are
not being paid or do not comply with the loan documents
to the Special Servicer who will work out the problems or
foreclose on the loan. (Wells Fargo's Br. 6). This Special
Servicer is selected by the holder of the lowest class of
certificates, also known as the “Controlling Class.” ( Id.).
The Trustee's duties include holding the mortgage collateral,
distributing funds collected by the Master Servicer to the
certificate holders, supervising the Master Servicer and
Special Servicer, ensuring that the servicers comply with the
PSA, and appointing new servicers if the PSA is violated.
Baxter Dunaway, 4L Law of Distressed Real Estate  § 56.14
(2007).
*2  The trust issues different classes or “tranches” of
certificates with each class having a different level of risk.
Under the PSA's, senior grade or Class A certificate holders
take on the lowest amount of risk because they receive
payments of principal and interest before the other classes, but
they are sold at a higher price and receive less interest on their
investment. (Orix's Br. 4; Wells Fargo's Br. 8; Pl.'s Second
Am. Compl. (“SAC”) ¶ 18). Lower classes of certificate
holders or B-Piece or first loss certificate holders bear more
risk because they receive payments from borrowers only after
all other certificate holders are paid but also have a higher
expected yield. (Orix's Br. 4; Wells Fargo's Br. 8, SAC ¶ 18).
Under this system, the Servicers collect monthly principal and
interest payments from the borrowers on the loans in the trust.
(Wells Fargo's Br. 8). From these payments, the Servicers
withhold expenses for servicer fees, litigation expenses, and
advance reimbursements and then transfer the rest to the
Trustee. (Id.). The Trustee will first distribute interest to Class
A certificate holders and, if there is money remaining, will
then distribute interest to Class A-2 certificate holders. ( Id.).
If funds still remain, the Trustee will distribute to Class B
certificate holders and so on. ( Id.). If the money runs out,
lower classes of certificate holders do not receive interest
payments that month. (Id.). The Trustee distributes principal
in a similar manner, but the more senior grade certificate
holder must be paid all of its principal before the certificate
holder at the lower level receives any principal. (Id .).
This lawsuit arises out of the relationship between a
certificate holder and the Servicer, Special Servicer, and
Trustee of two CMBS trusts: (1) the Trust for the
Certificate holders of the Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors,
Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 1999-C1
(“MLMI Trust”) and (2) the Trust for the Certificate
holders of the First Union-Lehman Brothers-Bank of America
Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificate Series 1998-
C2 (“FULBBA Trust”) (collectively “the Trusts”). SFE
purchased Class B Certificates in the MLMI Trust on April
7, 2005 and Class A-2 Certificates in the FULBBA Trust on
July 28, 2005 (SAC ¶¶ 77, 139).3 After purchasing the master
servicing rights (in October 1998) and special servicing rights
(in June 2000) in the FULBBA Trust, Orix Capital became
the Master and Special Servicer of the Trust as well as a
holder of first loss certificates. (Orix's Br. 6). When the MLMI
Trust was established in November 1999, Orix Capital was
named the Master and Special Servicer and also held first loss
certificates in the Trust. (Id.). The individual Defendants are
all officers, directors, or employees of Orix Capital. (SAC ¶
31). Orix USA is allegedly interrelated with Orix Capital and
the individual Defendants. (SAC ¶¶ 31, 38). Wells Fargo is
the Trustee for both of the Trusts. (Pl.'s Response to Orix's
MSJ 1).
*3  SFE accuses the Orix Defendants of numerous misdeeds
stemming from these servicing relationships, including:
• “Manufactur[ing] defaults of performing loans in order to
charge unnecessary servicing fees and advances to the
Trusts;
• Pursu[ing] unnecessary litigation against borrowers and
guarantors of loans in a manner that depletes the Trusts'
assets and benefits only ORIX at the expense of the
certificate-holders;
• Bring[ing] disingenuous, unnecessary, and non-beneficial
litigation-funded out of the Trusts-against the entities
that deposited the loans into the Trusts in order
to generate fees paid by litigation advances and
reimbursements from the Trusts and wrongfully
retain[ing] the proceeds of settlement of such litigation;
• Mak[ing] inaccurate reports to the Trustee and certificate-
holders, including false reporting and allocation of its
fees and litigation expenses, in an effort to hide its
wrongful activities from SFE and other certificate-
holders; and

## Page 3

Super Future Equities, Inc. v. Wells Fargo Bank Minnesota, N.A., Not Reported in...
69 Fed.R.Serv.3d 986, RICO Bus.Disp.Guide 11,429
 © 2025 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 3
• Operat[ing] the Trusts to inflate the value of the inferior
‘lower tranch’ certificates held by it and extend[ing]
their life, in order to sell the certificates at a huge profit,
while leaving the Trusts in such poor condition that other
certificate-holders will certainly suffer huge losses in
their investments.”
(Pl.'s Resp. to Orix's MSJ 2).
With respect to Wells Fargo, SFE alleges the following
conduct:
• “Execut[ing] ill-advised powers of attorney authorizing
Orix to act as Wells Fargo's agent and attorney-in-fact in
connection with the Trusts;
• Look[ing] the other way-in violation of fiduciary duties
owed to SFE-as ORIX violated duties owed to the Trusts
and the certificate-holders;
• Obtain[ing] financial benefits at the expense of the
certificate-holders of both Trusts while failing to fulfill
its duties; and
• Knowingly distribut[ing] false and fraudulent data to the
certificate-holders regarding the Trusts.”
(Pl.'s Br. in Resp. to Wells Fargo's Mot. for Summ. J. (“Pl.'s
Resp. to Wells Fargo's MSJ”) 1-2).
Based on these allegations, on February 13, 2006, SFE filed
its Original Complaint-Class Action (doc. 1) claiming breach
of fiduciary duty, breach of contract, and RICO violations
against Wells Fargo, Orix Capital, Orix Partnership, Orix
USA, and the individual Defendants. On April 10, 2006,
SFE filed its First Amended Complaint-Class Action (doc.
5), adding claims of negligence and gross negligence. After
Defendants filed two separate motions to dismiss, SFE was
granted leave to file an amended complaint and filed its
Second Amended Complaint-Class Action on June 26, 2006.
The Court struck SFE's class allegations on August 28, 2006
for failure to timely file a motion for class certification and
ordered SFE to file an amended complaint removing its class
allegations. SFE thereafter filed its fourth complaint, styled
Plaintiff's Second Amended Complaint, which is the live
complaint, on September 11, 2006.
*4  On August 3, 2007, Wells Fargo filed the instant
motion for summary judgment (doc. 314) arguing that: (1)
SFE lacks Article III standing to bring this suit because it
has no damages; (2) SFE has no evidence of racketeering
activity by Wells Fargo; (3) SFE cannot establish a breach
of fiduciary duty by Wells Fargo; (4) SFE has no evidence
to support a negligence or gross negligence claim against
Wells Fargo; and (5) the PSA's relieve Wells Fargo of liability
for SFE's claims. (Wells Fargo's Br. In Supp. of its Mot.
for Summ. J. (“Wells Fargo's Br.”)). The Orix Defendants
also moved for summary judgment (doc. 318) based on
the following: (1) SFE cannot show demonstrable damage;
(2) SFE lacks standing to assert claims on behalf of the
trusts making summary judgment appropriate on all of its
inherently derivative claims; (3) the individual Defendants
cannot be liable for alleged breaches of the PSA's; (4) there
is no evidence that the individual Defendants committed any
tortious acts; (5) there is no evidence that Orix USA is liable
for any of SFE's claims including breach of the PSA's or the
alleged torts; (6) SFE's claims against the Orix Defendants
are barred by the “no-action clause” in the PSA's; (7) SFE is
bound by the waivers and disclaimers of liability in the PSA's;
(8) summary judgment is appropriate on SFE's RICO claims
under both the “No-Evidence” motion for summary judgment
and traditional motion for summary judgment standards; (9)
any claim for negligence or gross negligence is impermissibly
duplicative of the alleged contract claim; and (10) any claim
for breach of fiduciary duty is impermissibly duplicative of
the alleged contract claim. (Orix's Br.). SFE responded to
these motions for summary judgment on August 23, 2007
(docs.388, 390). On September 7, 2007, Wells Fargo filed
its Motion to Strike Certain of Plaintiff's Summary Judgment
Evidence (doc. 438), and Orix filed Objections and Motion
to Strike Plaintiff's Evidence in Support of Its Response to
the Orix Defendants' Motion for Summary Judgment (doc.
448). Wells Fargo and Orix filed their summary judgment
replies on September 7, 2007 (docs.450, 454). Both motions
for summary judgment, being fully briefed, are now ripe for
adjudication. Despite all of these allegations and arguments,
these motions for summary judgment boil down to: (1) the
admissibility of the evidence SFE submitted in response to
the motions for summary judgment, (2) the choice of law
for SFE's causes of actions; (3) whether SFE has presented
sufficient evidence of injury and causation to establish Article
III standing; and (4) whether SFE has presented sufficient
evidence of damages to support each of its causes of action.
II. Orix and Wells Fargo's Motions to Strike Thomas
Arjmandi's Declaration
As a prelude to reviewing the motions for summary judgment,
the Court will address the Defendants' arguments that
SFE's summary judgment evidence is inadmissible. When

## Page 4

Super Future Equities, Inc. v. Wells Fargo Bank Minnesota, N.A., Not Reported in...
69 Fed.R.Serv.3d 986, RICO Bus.Disp.Guide 11,429
 © 2025 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 4
determining the admissibility of evidence on a motion
for summary judgment, courts generally apply the same
standards and rules that govern the admissibility of evidence
at trial. Donaghey v. Ocean Drilling & Exploration Co.,
974 F.2d 646, 650 n. 3 (5th Cir.1992)  (citing Lavespere
v. Niagara Machine & Tool Works, Inc.,  910 F.2d 167,
175-76 (5th Cir.1990), abrogated on other grounds by Little
v. Liquid Air Corp., 37 F.3d 1069, 1076 n. 14 (5th Cir.1994)).
Orix contends that the declaration of Thomas Arjmandi
(“Arjmandi”), SFE's corporate representative and president,
is inadmissible because it contradicts his former deposition
testimony that he could not quantify SFE's damages. 4 (Orix
Reply Br. 4). Orix also claims that Arjmandi's Declaration
is an “eleventh hour ambush” and that he is not qualified
to testify as an expert (Orix's Mot. to Strike 25-26 (citing
KW Plastics v. U.S. Can Co.,  131 F.Supp.2d 1289, 1295
(M.D.Ala.2001)). Similarly, Wells Fargo claims, in its
motion to strike SFE's summary judgment evidence, that
Arjmandi's declaration contains inadmissible hearsay and
improper lay opinions and contradicts SFE's designated 30(b)
(6) deposition testimony. (Wells Fargo's Mot. to Strike 4).
A. SFE's Evidence
*5  The Court will first examine SFE's evidence and then
analyze whether the evidence SFE submitted in response
to the motions for summary judgment is admissible. In its
initial disclosures, SFE stated that it “has not yet made
an exact calculation of any damages owing to it by the
Defendants.” (Wells Fargo App. 115, Orix App. 472). SFE
listed nine categories of damages, placing monetary amounts
on three of them. 5 In its First Supplemental Rule 26
Disclosures, SFE claimed its damages were the purchase price
of the certificates of $165,000 or their diminishment in value
of no less than $24,700. (Orix App. 478; Wells Fargo App.
1432). It also listed quantities for gains and fees earned by
the Defendants.6 In its interrogatory responses, SFE claimed
that the certificates were worthless and that SFE lost at
least $164,700. (Orix App. 485). SFE objected to subsequent
interrogatories requesting injuries for its causes of actions
stating that the interrogatories were vague, ambiguous,
overbroad, duplicative, requested a legal conclusion, and
attempted to limit damages. (Orix App. 489-92). SFE referred
to its responses to disclosures and expert testimony and
stated that the Defendants have not provided information
on this subject. (Orix App. 489-92). SFE stated that it is
entitled to recover the purchase price of the certificates or their
diminishment in value and the gains made by the Defendants.
(Orix App. 489-92). When requested to detail the amount and
method of calculating damages, SFE made similar objections
and stated that it was entitled to the purchase price of the
certificates of $165,000 or the lost market value of no less
than $24,700. (Orix App. 492-93).
In his July 12, 2007 deposition, less than a month before
the Defendants filed their motions for summary judgment,
Arjmandi stated that he was not aware of any lapse in payment
of interest on the certificates and had not calculated any
damages resulting from lack of interest payments. (Orix App.
502-503). The following exchange also occurred:
Q. Has SFE been damaged because of its holdings in the
MLMI and FULBBA certificates? A. I believe so, yes. Q.
Can you quantify that damage? A. Numerically? Q. Yes.
A. No, not as I sit here right now.... Q. No. Do you plan
on testifying at the trial of this case as to the value of the
certificates. A. I don't know what the particular plans are
at trial. Q. Do you have any reason to believe that you are
qualified to opine as to the value of the certificates SFE
holds in the MLMI and FULBBA trusts? A. Well, I do
know that an expert has been retained, I believe, whose
testimony will be on the damages to the certificates by
the underlying activities of the servicer and the trustee. Q.
That is Victor Moore? A. Correct. Q. So you believe Victor
Moore will testify or attempt to value SFE's certificates,
is that your understanding? A. And the damages therein, I
believe so.
(Orix.App.502-04). On July 30, 2007, Victor Moore testified
that he had no opinion on damages and whether the
Defendants' actions caused damages to SFE, that he was not
asked to look at damages, and that he could not quantify the
value of the certificates. (Orix App. 512-514, 517). SFE's
expert Eli Clark stated that he believed SFE suffered financial
harm stating that:
*6  to the degree that they have received interest payments
on time but those interest payments have come at a cost, I
think that would harm their interest in the long-term. And
then you have ... a separate question as to whether or not-
the underlying bonds and earned certificates have also been
diminished in value.
(Orix App. 526). Clark stated that he would not testify
regarding the value of SFE's certificates and that this was
outside of his legal expertise. (Orix App 526-27).
On August 23, 2007, in its response to Wells Fargo's motion
for summary judgment, SFE submitted a declaration of
Thomas Arjmandi, also dated August 23, 2007, reciting the
purchase price of the certificates and stating that the Charles

## Page 5

Super Future Equities, Inc. v. Wells Fargo Bank Minnesota, N.A., Not Reported in...
69 Fed.R.Serv.3d 986, RICO Bus.Disp.Guide 11,429
 © 2025 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 5
Schwab account statements he obtained from the online
account reflect a decline of $25,464. (SFE App. 1570-75). In
his declaration, Arjmandi also stated,
Further, based on my familiarity with these investments
and my review of their performance, coupled with the
knowledge that I have gained regarding the manner in
which the MLMI and FULBBA Trusts have been managed
by the ORIX Defendants and Wells Fargo, it is my
assessment that these certificates have been significantly
diminished below the stated market price-if not rendered
valueless-because I cannot now in good faith sell the
certificates to a new buyer in light of the knowledge I
have regarding past and present actions of Defendants.
Specifically, I would have to fully disclose the Defendants'
violations of duties owed to SFE and other certificate-
holders which threaten the investments and will likely
result in losses to future holders.
(SFE App. 1572). In addition, SFE cites authority for the
proposition that an owner of property or a business may
testify regarding damages to the property. (Pl.'s Resp. to Wells
Fargo's MSJ 9-11).
B. Analysis
Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 26(a)(1)(C)  requires
disclosure of “a computation of any category of damages
claimed by the disclosing party ...” Rule 37(c)(1) provides that
a party who “without substantial justification” fails to disclose
information required by Rule 26(a) “is not, unless such failure
is harmless, permitted to use as evidence at a trial, at a hearing,
or on a motion any witness or information not so disclosed ...”
Interpreting these rules, Design Strategies,  held that the
plaintiff had “not provided sufficient discovery regarding the
amount of or basis for calculating damages based on alleged
lost profits” and could not provide evidence of lost profits
at trial. Design Strategies, Inc. v. Davis, 367 F.Supp.2d 630,
633, 636 (S.D.N.Y .2005). The plaintiff's disclosed financial
statements did not provide a method for calculating the profits
that it would have earned if it had been awarded the contract.
Id. at 635. The court reasoned:
While the financial statements may indicate Design's
standard profit margin, they do not provide any basis on
which to calculate the specific sum of money that the
Contentville Project would have generated had it been
awarded to Design, nor the percent of that sum that Design
would retain.
*7  Id. In Szusterman, the Court excluded evidence
of damages because the plaintiff had not furnished the
methodology for calculating damages and had stated in his
deposition that he did not know how he calculated the figure.
Szusterman v. Amoco Oil Co.,  112 Fed. Appx. 130, 131-32
(3rd Cir.2004). Similarly, in KW Plastics, the Court excluded
the expert's unjust enrichment calculations as violations of
Rule 26(a)(2)(B) because he did not seek to quantify this type
of damages in his earlier reports or pleadings:
To allow McGowan to testify as to unjust enrichment, when
he has never shown any prior inclination for doing so,
would reward U.S. Can for its misdeeds and countenance
an end-run around the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure and
the orders of the court. Such litigation tactics, which are
neither justified nor harmless, cannot stand.
131 F.Supp.2d at 1295-96.
While KW Plastics, Design Strategies,  and Szusterman
involved exclusion of evidence at trial, Rule 37(c)(1) has been
applied to exclude an expert affidavit filed in response to a
motion for summary judgment because it was untimely. Trost
v. Trek Bicycle Corp.,  162 F.3d 1004, 1006 (8th Cir.1998) ;
see also Brainard v. Am. Skandia Life Assurance Corp., 432
F.3d 655, 664 (6th Cir.2005)  (excluding an expert affidavit
submitted in response to a motion for summary judgment
because it was substantially different from the expert report).
In Trost, the Court reasoned that the defendant had prepared
its motion for summary judgment, in part, based on the lack
of expert evidence to support the plaintiff's claims and that
the defendant would be prejudiced because of lack of time
to refute the evidence at trial. Id. at 1008-09. Finally in
Omaha Public, the Court excluded an affidavit in response
to a motion for summary judgment because the opinion had
not been previously disclosed, the plaintiff did not present
an explanation for the lateness, the defendant would be
prejudiced because trial was less than three months away,
and the defendant had moved for summary judgment because
there was no expert testimony. Omaha Pub. Power Dist.
v. Siemens Aktiengesellschaft,  2002 WL 826830, at *3-*5
(D.Neb.2002).
In this case, Rule 37(c)(1) should preclude this Court
from considering Arjmandi's affidavit. Like the plaintiffs in
Szusterman and KW Plastics,  Arjmandi did not purport to
quantify SFE's damages in his deposition and indicated that
he could not do so. Furthermore, as in Design Strategies, SFE
has not provided a method for calculating the value of the
certificates. This failure to comply with the Rule 26(a)(1)(C)
requirement of the disclosure of computations of damages
should result in exclusion of the evidence unless the party
has substantial justification or the failure was harmless. Fed.

## Page 6

Super Future Equities, Inc. v. Wells Fargo Bank Minnesota, N.A., Not Reported in...
69 Fed.R.Serv.3d 986, RICO Bus.Disp.Guide 11,429
 © 2025 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 6
R. Civ. P. 37(c)(1) . SFE has not offered any justification, 7
and the Court finds that the Defendants would be harmed
by the evidence because, like the defendants in Trost and
Omaha Public, they relied on the lack of damages evidence in
preparing their motions for summary judgment. Accordingly,
the Court excludes Arjmandi's affidavit and will not consider
it for purposes of this motion for summary judgment.
*8  In addition to Rules 26(a)(1)(C) and 37(c)(1), Federal
Rule of Civil Procedure  30(b)(6) also supports exclusion of
Arjmandi's affidavit. Rule 30(b)(6) provides:
A party may in the party's notice and in a subpoena
name as the deponent a public or private corporation or
a partnership or association or governmental agency and
describe with reasonable particularity the matters on which
examination is requested. In that event, the organization so
named shall designate one or more officers, directors, or
managing agents, or other persons who consent to testify on
its behalf, and may set forth, for each person designated, the
matters on which the person will testify ... The persons so
designated shall testify as to matters known or reasonably
available to the organization ...
Fed. R. Civ. P. 30(b)(6). Federal courts have interpreted this
rule as prohibiting a 30(b)(6) representative from disclaiming
the corporation's knowledge of a subject at the deposition
and later introducing evidence on that subject. See Ierardi v.
Lorillard, Inc., 1991 WL 158911, at *3 (E.D.Pa.1991).
For example, in Rainey, the defendant's 30(b)(6) corporate
representative stated that he did not know whether he
knew what percentage of the plaintiff's time was spent on
exempt functions. Rainey v. Am. Forest & Paper Ass'n,
Inc., 26 F.Supp.2d 82, 92 (D.D.C.1998) . In response to
the plaintiff's motion for summary judgment, the defendant
filed an affidavit of a former employee quantifying the
plaintiff's work. Id. at 93-94. The Court excluded this affidavit
reasoning that Rule 30(b)(6) required the defendant to prepare
its designee to give binding answers. Id. at 94. Unless it can
prove that the information was not known or was inaccessible,
a corporation cannot later proffer new or different allegations
that could have been made at the time of the 30(b)(6)
deposition. Id. (citing Ierardi, 1991 WL 158911, at *3).
Rule 30(b)(6) “aims to prevent a corporate defendant from
thwarting inquiries during discovery, then staging an ambush
during a later phase of the case.” Id. at 95; see also United
States v. J.M. Taylor, 166 F.R.D. 356, 362 (M.D.N.C.1996)
(“[I]f a party states it has no knowledge or position as to
a set of alleged facts or area of inquiry at a Rule 30(b)(6)
deposition, it cannot argue for a contrary position at trial
without introducing evidence explaining the reasons for the
change”); Ierardi, 1991 WL 158911, at *3 (“Under Rule 30(b)
(6), defendant has an obligation to prepare its designee to
be able to give binding answers on behalf of H & V . If the
designee testifies that H & V does not know the answer to
plaintiffs' questions, H & V will not be allowed effectively to
change its answer by introducing evidence during trial. The
very purpose of discovery is ‘to avoid ‘trial by ambush.’ ' ”)
(quoting Fed. Deposit Ins. Corp. v. Butcher, 116 F.R.D. 196,
201 (E.D.Tenn.1986)).
In his July 12, 2007 deposition, Arjmandi stated that as
he sat there he could not quantify the plaintiff's damages.
When asked if he was qualified as an expert to testify, he
responded that he believed SFE would have an expert to
testify. In response to the Defendants' motions for summary
judgment, Arjmandi filed a declaration purporting to quantify
the damages. Because Arjmandi previously testified that
he could not quantify the damages and has not offered an
explanation for his change in position, his affidavit should be
excluded under Rule 30(b)(6). Accordingly, Orix and Wells
Fargo's motions to strike the portion of Arjmandi's declaration
placing a value on the certificates are GRANTED. Having
determined that Arjmandi's declaration should be excluded,
the Court now turns to the motions for summary judgment.8
III. Wells Fargo and Orix's Motions for Summary
Judgment
A. Summary Judgment Legal Standard
*9  Under Rule 56(c) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure,
summary judgment is appropriate when the pleadings and
record evidence show that no genuine issue of material fact
exists and that the movant is entitled to judgment as a matter
of law. Little v. Liquid Air Corp.,  37 F.3d 1069, 1075 (5th
Cir.1994). “[T]he substantive law will identify which facts
are material.” Anderson v. Liberty Lobby, Inc., 477 U.S. 242,
248, 106 S.Ct. 2505, 91 L.Ed.2d 202 (1986) . Only disputes
about material facts will preclude the granting of summary
judgment. Id .
The burden is on the summary judgment movant to prove that
no genuine issue of material fact exists. Latimer v. SmithKline
& French Lab.,  919 F.2d 301, 303 (5th Cir.1990) . If the
non-movant bears the burden of proof at trial, the summary
judgment movant need not support its motion with evidence
negating the non-movant's case. Rather, the movant may

## Page 7

Super Future Equities, Inc. v. Wells Fargo Bank Minnesota, N.A., Not Reported in...
69 Fed.R.Serv.3d 986, RICO Bus.Disp.Guide 11,429
 © 2025 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 7
satisfy its burden by pointing to the absence of evidence to
support the non-movant's case. Id.; Little, 37 F.3d at 1075.
Once the movant has met its burden, the non-movant must
show that summary judgment is not appropriate. Little, 37
F.3d at 1075 (citing Celotex Corp. v. Catrett, 477 U.S. 317,
325, 106 S.Ct. 2548, 91 L.Ed.2d 265 (1986) ). “This burden
is not satisfied with ‘some metaphysical doubt as to material
facts,’ ... by ‘conclusory allegations,’ ... by ‘unsubstantiated
assertions,’ or by only a ‘scintilla’ of evidence.” Id. (quoting
Matsushita Elec. Indus. Co. v. Zenith Radio Corp.,  475 U.S.
574, 586, 106 S.Ct. 1348, 89 L.Ed.2d 538 (1986) ). The
non-moving party must “come forward with ‘specific facts
showing that there is a genuine issue for trial.’ ” Matsushita,
475 U.S. at 587 (emphasis in original) (quoting Fed. R. Civ.
P. 56(e)). To determine whether a genuine issue exists for
trial, the court must view all of the evidence in the light
most favorable to the non-movant, and the evidence must be
sufficient such that a reasonable jury could return a verdict
for the non-movant. Anderson, 477 U.S. at 248; Munoz v. Orr,
200 F.3d 291, 302 (5th Cir.2000).
B. Choice of Law
Before turning to the merits of the motions for summary
judgment, the Court must decide whether Texas or New York
law governs SFE's state law causes of action. In deciding the
appropriate law to apply to the party's state-based claims, the
Court applies the choice-of-law rules of the forum state, here
being Texas. Mayo v. Hartford Life Ins. Co.,  354 F.3d 400,
403 (5th Cir.2004). Absent a valid choice-of-law agreement,
Texas courts apply the “most significant relationship” test of
the Restatement (Second) of Conflict of Laws. Id. The parties
agree that federal law governs SFE's RICO claims and New
York law governs the breach of contract claims and defenses
in this case. The contract claims are based on the PSA's which
contain a choice-of-law provision providing:
This Agreement and the Certificates shall be construed in
accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York
applicable to agreements made and to be performed in said
State, and the obligations, rights and remedies of the parties
hereunder shall be determined in accordance with such
laws without regard to conflicts of law principles.
*10  (Orix's Supplemental Br. In Supp. of Their Mot. to
Dismiss 5). Under Texas law, if the parties have agreed to
an enforceable choice of law clause, the court will apply the
law of that state to contract claims. Resolution Trust Corp. v.
Northpark Joint Venture, 958 F.2d 1313, 1318 (5th Cir.1992).
Accordingly, the Court agrees with the parties that New York
law governs the breach of contract claims and federal law
governs the RICO claims.
The parties, however, disagree about whether Texas or New
York law governs the tort claims. Wells Fargo argues that
the PSA's' choice of law provision demonstrates that New
York law “has a significant relationship to the Trusts and
the obligations created as a result of them.”  (Wells Fargo's
Br. 26 n. 16). SFE's claims involve the trusts, and the trusts
are centered in New York. ( Id.). New York is where the
depositor for the MLMI Trust is located, where two-thirds of
the mortgage loan sellers are located, and where the financing
occurred. (Id.). As for the FULBBA Trust, the depositor is
based in New York, and the mortgage loan sellers are either
registered in New York or a state other than Texas. ( Id.).
Also, the financing for that trust occurred in New York. (Id.).
Wells Fargo is not a Texas formed entity and its principal
place of business is not Texas. (Id.). Wells Fargo also argues
that SFE's location in Texas is not controlling. ( Id. (citing
Jackson v. W. Telemarketing Corp. Outbound, 245 F.3d 518,
523 (5th Cir.2001)). Orix has argued that the negligence and
gross negligence claims “will be governed by the choice-of-
law provision because they depend upon an ‘interpretation
and enforcement’ of the PSAs.” 9 (Orix Supplemental Br. In
Supp. of Their Mot. to Dismiss 6). Orix points out that the
underlying duty in SFE's negligence and gross negligence
claims is that Orix failed to meet the servicing standard in
the Trusts and the servicing standard is defined in the PSA's.
(Id. at 6-7). Orix also claims that the breach of fiduciary duty
claim relies on interpretation of the PSA's. (Id. at 7).
On the other hand, SFE argues that it and Orix have their
primary places of business in Texas. (Pl.'s Resp. to Wells
Fargo's MSJ 6 n. 2). Wells Fargo is neither a Texas nor
New York resident but “does significant business in Texas
and knew or should have known that the servicing activities
it had a fiduciary duty to monitor would be performed in
Texas.” (Id.). All of the servicing activities “were performed
(or at least controlled) in Texas.” (Id.). Finally, SFE contends
that it purchased its certificates and suffered its injuries in
Texas. (Id.).
The Court will consider the following factors when applying
choice of law principles to tort cases: “(a) the place where
the injury occurred, (b) the place where the conduct causing
the injury occurred, (c) the domicil[e], residence, nationality,
place of incorporation and place of business of the parties, and
(d) the place where the relationship, if any, between the parties
is centered.” Hughes Wood Prods., Inc. v. Wagner, 18 S.W.3d

## Page 8

Super Future Equities, Inc. v. Wells Fargo Bank Minnesota, N.A., Not Reported in...
69 Fed.R.Serv.3d 986, RICO Bus.Disp.Guide 11,429
 © 2025 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 8
202, 205 (Tex.2000) (citing Restatement (Second) of Conflict
of Laws § 145(2) (1971) ; Gutierrez v. Collins, 583 S.W.2d
312, 318-19 (Tex.1979)). “Although the number of contacts
is relevant, the qualitative nature of the contacts controls.”
Jackson, 245 F.3d at 523.
*11  Considering these factors, the first factor weighs in
favor of the application of Texas law because SFE's alleged
injury occurred in Texas. SFE's breach of fiduciary duty,
negligence, and gross negligence claims are based on Orix's
servicing activities and Wells Fargo's “looking the other way”
from those activities. (SAC ¶¶ 199-205, 220-26). Therefore,
as for the second factor, the conduct causing the injury
occurred at or was controlled from Orix's place of business
in Texas. The third factor also favors Texas law because SFE
and Orix have their primary places of business in Texas and
are incorporated outside of Texas and New York while Wells
Fargo has its principle place of business in South Dakota, not
New York. (Id. at ¶ 5). Finally, the fourth factor, where the
relationship is centered, may weigh in favor of New York law
because the parties are related based on the New York Trusts.
However, in light of the other factors, the Court concludes that
the tort claims have a more significant relationship to Texas
than New York. Accordingly, the Court will apply Texas law
to the negligence, gross negligence, and breach of fiduciary
duty claims.
C. Wells Fargo's Motion for Summary Judgment-
Standing
Both Wells Fargo and Orix base their motions for summary
judgment on SFE's lack of evidence of injury or damages.
Wells Fargo argues that SFE lacks Article III standing because
it failed to establish injury-in-fact. Orix argues that SFE has
failed to provide evidence of damages, which is an essential
element of each of its causes of action. These arguments are
related in that they are based on the same lack of evidence;
however, they each require a different legal analysis. The
Court will first address Wells Fargo's standing argument
and then turn to Orix's lack of damages argument as an
alternative basis for granting summary judgment. Either of
these arguments alone would provide adequate grounds for
granting summary judgment on all of SFE's claims.
1. Article III Standing Requirements
Wells Fargo contends that SFE has no evidence that is has
suffered an injury-in fact or that any of its alleged injuries
were a result of the conduct of Wells Fargo; therefore, this
Court does not have jurisdiction over SFE's claims. (Wells
Fargo's Br. 14). The Court will consider SFE's standing as it
relates to its claims against both Wells Fargo and the Orix
Defendants. It is of no moment that Orix did not raise a
standing argument because the court may raise the issue of
Article III standing sua sponte. Ford v. NYLCare Health Plans
of Gulf Coast, Inc.,  301 F.3d 329, 331-32 (5th Cir.2002)
(raising Article III standing on appeal when the parties never
raised it and the district court did not consider it). In this case,
SFE had the opportunity to address the issue of standing in its
response to Wells Fargo's motion for summary judgment.
In order to have standing in federal court under Article III,
a plaintiff must establish the following elements: (1)injury-
in fact which is “concrete and particularized” and “actual
or imminent not conjectural or hypothetical;” (2)“a causal
connection between the injury and the conduct complained
of;” and (3)likelihood, as opposed to mere speculation, “that
the injury will be redressed by a favorable decision.” Id.
at 332.  “The party invoking federal jurisdiction' bears the
burden” of proving these elements, and failure to establish
one of them will deprive the federal court of jurisdiction.
Id. (citations omitted). “At the summary judgment stage,
‘the plaintiff can no longer rest on ... mere allegations, but
must set forth by affidavit or other evidence specific facts'
validating his right to standing.” Id. at 332-33 (quoting Lujan
v. Defenders of Wildlife, 504 U.S. 555, 561, 112 S.Ct. 2130,
119 L.Ed.2d 351 (1992).
*12  The Fifth Circuit has held that a plaintiff does
not establish standing when it cannot establish injury or
causation. In Riviera, the plaintiff claimed that she bought
and used a drug, that the drug manufacturer did not provide
enough warnings, that the drug was defective, that other
people were injured by the drug, and that she had a claim
for the money she used to purchase the drug. Riviera v.
Wyeth-Ayerst Labs., 283 F.3d 315, 319 (5th Cir.2002) . The
plaintiff claimed that the loss of cash was an economic injury
and offered suggestions for how the court could calculate
damages. Id. at 319. The Court stated that “[M]erely asking
for money does not establish an injury in fact” and held that
the plaintiff did not demonstrate injury or causation. Id. at
319, 321.
In another Fifth Circuit case, the Court held that a plaintiff
who failed to provide evidence of causation lacked standing.
Ford, 301 F.3d at 333. In Ford, an orthopedic surgeon claimed
that the defendant HMO's had falsely advertised that “their
management techniques improve health care quality and that
they allow patients and doctors to make their own treatment

## Page 9

Super Future Equities, Inc. v. Wells Fargo Bank Minnesota, N.A., Not Reported in...
69 Fed.R.Serv.3d 986, RICO Bus.Disp.Guide 11,429
 © 2025 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 9
decisions.” Id. at 331. The surgeon claimed that the HMO's'
activities undercut quality and rationed medical care against
the will of doctors, that the cost control policies reduced
his income, and that the HMO's' advertising further reduced
doctors' income because it attracted new customers which
increased the HMO's' market power over the price of medical
services. Id. The plaintiff claimed that his injury was the
reduction of his income “caused by the defendants' restrictive
cost-containment policies, which allegedly have the effect
of reducing payments to contract specialists.” Id. at 333.
The Court held that the plaintiff failed to meet the causation
requirement because he was required to present evidence
affirmatively proving that his reduced income resulted from
the defendants' conduct. Id. There was “no evidence in the
record to show that Ford's income has in fact declined any
more than would be expected as a result of events completely
unrelated to the HMO's' activities.” Id. The plaintiff could
not identify a patient he had lost as a result of the conduct
and presented no evidence that he received lower payments
for his services than he would have in the absence of the
advertisements. Id. The Court explained:
[S]ome or all of the decrease in Ford's income might have
been a result of the fact that “he is not employed full time
as a physician ... and spends a significant amount of time
filming a fishing show for a sports network.” Ford bears
the burden of proving otherwise, and he has not met it.
Id.
The Seventh Circuit has addressed a situation analogous to the
case at hand. In Slowiak, a meat distributor sued corporations
claiming that they coerced him into joining a “maximum
resale price maintenance conspiracy in violation of Wisconsin
antitrust law.” Slowiak v. Land O'Lakes, Inc., 987 F.2d 1293,
1294-95 (7th Cir.1993). He claimed that the defendants would
have taken action against him if he had charged prices higher
than those on the circulated list and that he lost profits that
he would have earned if he had been able to set his own
prices. Id. at 1295.  The Court held that the plaintiff did not
have Article III standing because he presented no evidence of
injury as a result of the conspiracy. Id. at 1296. The plaintiff
conceded that his business had been profitable and at his
deposition stated that he was not sure whether he had lost
profits because of the conspiracy. Id. After the defendants
moved for summary judgment for lack of evidence of injury,
the plaintiff filed a supplemental affidavit stating that if the
prices had not been fixed “ ‘there would have been many
occasions on which I would have charged more for many of
the Schweigert products I sold.’ ” Id. The Court found that
the affidavit conflicted with his former deposition testimony
stating that he did not know if he would have been able to
sell the same amount of products at a higher price, that he
could not remember a specific instance of when he wanted
to charge more, and that he did not know how much he
could have raised prices. Id. at 1296-97. The Court held
that the deposition testimony did not establish a distinct and
palpable injury and that he could not cure this defect with a
supplemental self-serving affidavit conflicting with his earlier
deposition testimony. Id. at 1297. The Court also held that
even if the plaintiff lost money, there was no evidence that the
loss was fairly traceable to the defendants' conduct; therefore,
he lacked standing. Id. Having examined the standard and
relevant case law, the Court moves to the question of whether
SFE has established that it has been injured by the actions of
the Defendants.
2. Standing Based on the Value of the Certificates
*13  SFE responded to Wells Fargo's motion for summary
judgment with two claims of damages: (1) the purchase price
of its certificates or their diminution in value and (2) the
disgorgement of the gains made by the Defendants. 10 (Pl.'s.
Resp. to Wells Fargo's MSJ 4). SFE explained its claim
that the purchase price of its certificates had diminished or
become worthless by stating that when the certificates were
first placed in SFE's account they were worth $163,875, that
the March 2007 account statement said they had a market
value of $141,214, and that the latest account statement
showed that the loss had increased to $25,464. (Pl.'s Resp.
to Wells Fargo's MSJ 8-9). To support this proposition, SFE
cited Charles Schwab account statements and the declaration
of Thomas Arjmandi. (SFE App. 576-97; 1571-72). In its
response to Orix's motion for summary judgment, SFE also
cited Orix's Motion to Compel Rule 26 Disclosures (doc. 268)
and Joint Status Report on Orix's Motion to Compel Rule 26
Disclosures (doc. 356) to show that Orix must concede that
the market value of the certificates has declined. (Pl.'s Resp.
to Orix's MSJ 9). In these documents, Orix stated:
[B]ased on information provided to the ORIX Defendants
and its own investigation of SFE's alleged claims, the ORIX
Defendants seriously question whether SFE's damage
claim complies with Rule 11 of the Federal Rules of Civil
Procedure as SFE has actually made money on its purchase.
The certificates that SFE acquired for approximately
$165,000 are currently worth approximately $155,500 with
SFE already receiving approximately $31,500 in principal
and interest payments for a net profit of approximately
$22,000.

## Page 10

Super Future Equities, Inc. v. Wells Fargo Bank Minnesota, N.A., Not Reported in...
69 Fed.R.Serv.3d 986, RICO Bus.Disp.Guide 11,429
 © 2025 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 10
(doc. 268 at 2 n. 1). Orix also stated, “[B]ased on
the trading records, the certificates are currently worth
approximately $155,500 on the open market, with SFE
already receiving approximately $31,500 in principal and
interest payments.” (doc. 356 at 3).
With the exception of Thomas Arjmandi's declaration, 11
which the Court excluded in part II above, SFE has not
provided evidence that the value of its certificates has
decreased. SFE does not meet its burden of coming forward
with “specific facts showing there is a genuine issue for
trial” by citing excerpts from Orix's Motion to Compel Rule
26 Disclosures. Matsushita, 475 U.S. at 587.  As in Riviera,
asking for money or reciting the purchase price does not
establish injury. 283 F.3d at 319.  Similar to the plaintiff in
Slowiak who conceded that his business had been profitable,
SFE has received all interest and principal payments on the
certificates that it is due. Slowiak, 987 F.2d at 1296;  Wells
Fargo App. 404. After saying that he did not know what SFE's
damages are, Thomas Arjmandi may now not defeat summary
judgment with a self-serving affidavit. Id. at 1297.  SFE has
not provided evidence and may not rest on “mere allegations”
at the summary judgment stage. Ford, 301 F.3d at 332-33.
Therefore, SFE does not satisfy the first element of Article III
standing-injury-in-fact.
*14  Furthermore, even if SFE can establish that the value
of the certificates has decreased, it has provided no evidence
that this decrease was caused by the Defendant's conduct as
opposed to fluctuations in interest rates and the declining
principal balance of the certificates. (Wells Fargo's Br. 17).
Wells Fargo explained that certificates trade for less over time
as a result of the repayment of principal and the reduction
of the principal balance. (Wells Fargo's Br. 16 (citing Decl.
of Thomas Biafore at App. 7)). The dominant factor in
valuing certificates is the fluctuation of interest rates which
during the time that SFE held the certificates made risk-free
debt valuable and would have caused the value of SFE's
certificates to decrease. (Wells Fargo's Br. 17 (citing Decl. of
Thomas Biafore at App. 7)). Finally, Wells Fargo claims that
the rating of the certificates and the security of the certificates
has improved since the conduct that SFE complained of was
reported in industry publications. (Wells Fargo's Br. 17(citing
Decl. of Barry S. Schwartz at App. 404)). SFE has the
burden of proving that its “injury” was not caused by factors
unrelated to the Defendants' activities. Wells Fargo pointed
out the lack of evidence of causation, and SFE did not provide
evidence. See Ford, 301 F.3d at 333.  Accordingly, SFE has
not met its burden of proving causation. The Court now turns
its attention to SFE's second claim of damages-disgorgement.
3. Standing Based on Disgorgement Damages for Breach
of Fiduciary Duty
SFE claims that it need not show injury in order to recover
disgorgement for breach of fiduciary duty. (Pl.'s Resp. to
Wells Fargo's MSJ 5). As discussed below in part III.D.3.,
the Court agrees that this proposition is correct under Texas
law. However, a state law cause of action that does not require
injury will not give a federal court jurisdiction when the court
lacks Article III standing:
Although standing requirements in state courts are often
less stringent than those of Article III, the issue lacks
relevance here, as standing in federal court is determined
entirely by Article III and depends in no degree on whether
standing exists under state law.
Int'l Primate Prot. League v. Admins. of the Tulane Educ.
Fund, 895 F.2d 1056, 1061 (5th Cir.1990)  (citing Phillips
Petroleum v. Shotts, 472 U.S. 797, 804, 105 S.Ct. 2965, 86
L.Ed.2d 628 (1985)), rev'd on other grounds, 500 U.S. 72, 111
S.Ct. 1700, 114 L.Ed.2d 134 (1991) , superseded by statute
on other grounds, 28 U.S.C § 1442(a)(1) (as amended 1996),
as recognized in Winters v. Diamond Shamrock,  149 F.3d
387, 397 (5th Cir.1998); see also 13A Charles Alan Wright,
Arthur R. Miller & Edward H. Cooper, Federal Practice and
Procedure § 3531.14  (“Of course state rules that recognize
standing need not be honored if Article III requirements are
not met.”).
The Second Circuit has held that the district court incorrectly
dismissed the complaint based on lack of standing when the
plaintiffs did not allege injury as a result of the defendant's
actions. Walton v. Morgan Stanley & Co., 623 F.2d 796, 798
(2d Cir.1980). The Court reasoned that Delaware law did not
require injury for a breach of fiduciary duty claim. Id. The
Court also stated:
*15  We need not address the question whether standing
in [a] diversity case is a matter of state or federal law,
for the recognition of standing of a shareholder to bring a
derivative suit for the profits made by one who allegedly
breached a fiduciary duty owed to the corporation accords
with both federal and Delaware notions of standing.
Id. at 798 n. 4. This Court need not decide whether to
apply the rule of Walton to a non-derivative breach of
fiduciary duty claim in the Fifth Circuit because, as discussed
below in part III.D .3, the Court has determined that SFE's
breach of fiduciary duty claim would fail on other grounds.
Accordingly, the Court GRANTS Wells Fargo's motion for

## Page 11

Super Future Equities, Inc. v. Wells Fargo Bank Minnesota, N.A., Not Reported in...
69 Fed.R.Serv.3d 986, RICO Bus.Disp.Guide 11,429
 © 2025 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 11
summary judgment on all of SFE's claims against Wells Fargo
and Orix. The Court turns next to Orix's motion for summary
judgment.
D. Orix's Motion for Summary Judgment-Lack of
Damages as an Element of SFE's Causes of Actions
1. SFE's RICO, Negligence, and Gross Negligence Claims
In the alternative, even if SFE could establish standing, the
results would be similar based on Orix's motion for summary
judgment. Orix argues that summary judgment is proper
because SFE has failed to provide evidence of an essential
element of each of its causes of action-damages.12 (Orix's Br.
13).
To establish RICO standing, a plaintiff must satisfy two
elements: (1) injury and (2) causation. Price v. Pinnacle
Brands, Inc.,  138 F.3d 602, 606 (5th Cir.1998) ; see also
Commercial Union Assurance Co. v. Milken, 17 F.3d 608, 612
(2d Cir.1994) (“[W]ithout provable damages, no viable RICO
cause of action may be maintained.”). In First, the plaintiffs'
RICO claim was based on the insurance company's mailing of
an allegedly fraudulent damages assessment report that “(1)
failed to consider the full extent of damage to their home and
(2) made improper repair recommendations.” First v. Allstate
Ins. Co.,  222 F.Supp.2d 1165, 1170, 1175 (C.D.Cal.2002) .
The insurance company had paid the plaintiffs $158,080.04
for the damage to their home, and the plaintiffs failed to
present evidence that the damage to their home exceeded
that amount. Id. at 1171.  The plaintiffs' expert opined that
the damage to the home was extensive, that the assessment
report was inaccurate and vague, and that “[b]ased on the
vagueness and inaccuracies noted in the ... report, any attempt
at determination of estimates to repair would be impossible.”
Id. The Court held that the plaintiffs could not survive
summary judgment on their RICO claim because there was no
triable issue of fact of whether they were injured by the report.
Id. at 1175; see also Waste Conversion, Inc. v. Rollins Envtl.
Servs. (NJ), Inc.,  1989 WL 79768, at * 7-8 (E.D.Pa.1989)
(holding that the plaintiff did not raise a genuine issue of
material fact as to the injury element of its RICO claim when
it alleged that it was injured in its business because it incurred
costs including the loss of its sales contract but did not submit
evidence of any costs).
*16  As for SFE's negligence claims, under Texas law, a
cause of action for negligence or gross negligence requires (1)
a legal duty owed by one person to another, (2) a breach of
that duty, and (3) damages proximately caused by that breach.
D. Houston, Inc. v. Love,  92 S.W.3d 450, 454 (Tex.2002)
(for elements of negligence); Bykowicz v. Pulte Home Corp.,
950 F.2d 1046, 1053 (5th Cir.1992)  (for elements of gross
negligence). Failure to show damages is an appropriate
ground for granting summary judgment on a negligence or
gross negligence claim. Johnson v. Brewer & Pritchard,  73
S.W.3d 193, 211 (Tex.2002)  (granting summary judgment
on negligence claim when plaintiff failed to show damage);
Gen. Star Indem. Co. v. Sherry Brooke RevocableTrust,
243 F.Supp.2d 605, 613 (W.D.Tex.2001)  (holding that lack
of summary judgment evidence of causation and damages
precludes a tort claim). In Weinberg, summary judgment was
appropriate on a Washington negligence claim based on lack
of damages when the plaintiff responded to interrogatories
that the amount of damages would be the subject of an expert
report and that he did not know what his damages were
but later did not update his answers. Weinberg v. Whatcom
County, 241 F.3d 746, 750, 752 (9th Cir.2001) . The Court
stated, “ ‘Summary judgment is appropriate where appellants
have no expert witnesses or designated documents providing
competent evidence from which a jury could fairly estimate
damages.’ ” Id. at 751  (quoting McGlinchey v. Shell Chem.
Co., 845 F.2d 802, 808 (9th Cir.1988)).
Having established that RICO and negligence claims require
evidence of damages, the Court concludes that SFE has
not met this requirement. As discussed above with respect
to SFE's standing, without Arjmandi's declaration, SFE
has failed to produce any evidence that it has been
damaged. Even if the Plaintiff's evidence of damages was
sufficient to survive summary judgment, SFE has produced
no evidence that its alleged damages were caused by the
Defendants'actions, which is a requirement of both a RICO
claim and a Texas negligence and gross negligence claim. 13
Accordingly, summary judgment is appropriate on SFE's
RICO, negligence, and gross negligence claims. The Court
will now consider the requirement of damages as it relates to
SFE's breach of contract claims.
2. SFE's Breach of Contract Claim
Under New York law regarding a breach of contract claim,
even if the plaintiff fails to raise an issue of material fact as
to actual damages, he or she may proceed to trial to recover
nominal damages. V .S. Int'l, S.A. v. Boyden World Corp., 1993
WL 59399, at * 8 (S.D.N.Y .1993); Hirsch Elec. Co., Inc. v.
Cmty. Servs., Inc., 145 A.D.2d 603, 536 N.Y .S.2d 141, 143
(N.Y .App.Div.1988) (citing Farnsworth, Contracts, § 12.8, at
838-839) (“[I]t is a well-settled tenet of contract law that even

## Page 12

Super Future Equities, Inc. v. Wells Fargo Bank Minnesota, N.A., Not Reported in...
69 Fed.R.Serv.3d 986, RICO Bus.Disp.Guide 11,429
 © 2025 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 12
if the breach of contract caused no loss or if the amount of loss
cannot be proven with sufficient certainty, the injured party
is entitled to recover as nominal damages a small sum fixed
without regard to the amount of the loss, if any.”). In Hirsch,
the Court held that the plaintiff's damages claim for lost profits
based on breach of contract was too speculative and limited
the plaintiff at trial to a claim for nominal damages. 536
N.Y .S.2d at 142. Because the Court has found that SFE has
not established damages, SFE would be limited to nominal
damages for breach of contract at trial.
3. SFE's Breach of Fiduciary Duty Claim
*17  SFE has correctly argued that a plaintiff need not
prove actual damages in order to recover disgorgement of
fees for the breach of a fiduciary duty. Burrow v. Arce,
997 S.W.2d 229, 239-40 (Tex.1999) . Therefore, SFE's lack
of evidence of damages will not preclude its breach of
fiduciary duty claim. However, the Defendants argue that
SFE must provide evidence that the Defendants have derived
a benefit resulting from or proximately caused by their
breaches of fiduciary duty. (Orix Reply 2-3; Wells Fargo's
Reply 3). Disgorgement is a remedial measure rather than
a punitive one and is limited to “property causally related
to the wrongdoing” at issue. Allstate Ins. Co. v. Receivable
Fin. Co., L.L.C., 501 F.3d 398, 413 (5th Cir.2007) (applying
Texas law) (citing SEC v. First City Fin. Corp.,  890 F.2d
1215, 1231 (D.C.Cir.1989)). “Accordingly, the party seeking
disgorgement must distinguish between that which has been
legally and illegally obtained.” Id.; see also Swinnea v.
ERI Consulting Engineers, Inc.,  236 S.W.3d 825, 2007 WL
2447057, at *11-*12 (Tex. App-Tyler 2007)  (“[A] fiduciary
must account for, and yield to the beneficiary, any profit
he makes as a result of his breach of fiduciary duty. As
explained above, Appellees did not prove any actual damages
or reasonably certain lost profits. Neither did Appellees
prove that Swinnea obtained any ill gotten gains at ERI's
expense. Therefore, there is no evidence to support an
award of damages for breach of fiduciary duty, equitable or
otherwise.” (citations omitted)). The Fifth Circuit recently
addressed this issue and held that because the plaintiffs did
not produce evidence regarding what amount of money the
defendant's obtained through their wrongdoing as opposed
to legitimate activities, the evidence was insufficient to
sustain a disgorgement damages award. 14 Allstate, 501 F.3d
at 414. The Court discussed the plaintiff's burden of proving
disgorgement damages:
In actions brought by the SEC involving a securities
violation, “disgorgement need only be by a reasonable
approximation of profits causally connected to the
violation.” However, “in a private action, the party seeking
monetary compensation may have a greater burden to
prove its claim to the amount requested.”
Id. at 413 (quoting First City, 890 F.2d at 1231, 1232 n.
24). The Court declined to determine whether a private
party was required to meet a more onerous burden
because it held that the plaintiff had not provided a
reasonable approximation of what was illegally obtained.
Id. This Court need not make that determination today
because it finds that SFE has not provided a reasonable
approximation of what Wells Fargo or ORIX obtained
as a result of the alleged breach of fiduciary duty. SFE
cites Corporate Interiors v. Pappas,  784 N.Y .S.2d 919,
at *6 (N.Y .Sup.Ct.2004) for the proposition that once
SFE presents prima facie evidence of the Defendants'
gains, the burden shifts to the Defendants to demonstrate
any legitimate costs because they are in the exclusive
possession of that information. (Pl.'s Resp. to Orix's MSJ
8). Here, as explained below, the Court finds that SFE has
not presented evidence “of the amount [the Defendants]
gained as a result of the breach” to establish prima facie
evidence of the Defendants' gains. Id.
*18  Turning to SFE's evidence of disgorgement damages,
SFE claims disgorgement of at least $8,032,907.01 from Orix
“in fees and interest on reimbursements for performing work
as master and special servicer of the MLMI and FULBBA
trusts since January 1, 2005.” (Pl .'s Resp. to Orix's MSJ
5-6). SFE supports this amount with Orix's response to an
interrogatory requesting the fees earned for each year from the
inception of the MLMI and FULBBA Trust to the present.15
SFE, in a footnote, claims that its disgorgement gains should
not be limited to this amount because the summary judgment
evidence reveals that Orix earned a higher amount of fees
and that Orix received benefits from its own investments
in the trusts as a result of its breach of fiduciary duty.
(Pl.'s Resp. to Orix's MSJ 6 n. 2). For this proposition,
SFE cites reports from its expert Victor Moore quantifying
amounts of servicing fees, special servicing fees, trustee fees,
reimbursement of interest on advances, and distributions on
the B pieces “as a result of the servicing relationship that was
technically a conflict of interest between the master servicer
(ORIX) and the special servicer (also ORIX).” (SFE App.
574-75).16 As for Wells Fargo, SFE claims disgorgement
fees of at least $360,460 “in fees since it began serving as
Trustee for the Trusts.” (Pl.'s Resp. to Wells Fargo's MSJ 5).

## Page 13

Super Future Equities, Inc. v. Wells Fargo Bank Minnesota, N.A., Not Reported in...
69 Fed.R.Serv.3d 986, RICO Bus.Disp.Guide 11,429
 © 2025 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 13
To support this claim, SFE cites the same expert report from
Victor Moore mentioned above and a chart identifying fees,
which Wells Fargo produced with its Responses to SFE's First
Set of Interrogatories. (SFE App. 573-75, 1543-45).
Other than Victor Moore's conclusory assertion that these
fees were a result of a conflict of interest, SFE offers no
evidence to connect all of the fees that Orix and Wells Fargo
have earned since the inception of the trusts to their alleged
breaches of fiduciary duty to SFE. As Wells Fargo points
out, “SFE cannot simply claim that sometime after SFE
became a certificate holder in 2005, Wells Fargo breached a
fiduciary duty and then recover every cent Wells Fargo has
earned for the indenture trustee services it has provided since
1999.” (Wells Fargo's Reply 3-4). Wells Fargo's fees were
fixed in the governing PSA's as a percent of the principal
balances of the loans in the trusts. ( Id. at 4). In conclusion,
because SFE has not offered a reasonable approximation
of what the Defendants have earned as a result of their
alleged breach of fiduciary duties, SFE is not entitled to
disgorgement. See Allstate, 501 F.3d at 413.  Accordingly,
Wells Fargo and Orix's motions for summary judgment on the
breach of fiduciary duty claims are granted.17
IV . Conclusion
For the foregoing reasons, the Court GRANTS the
Defendants' motions to exclude the portion of Arjmandi's
declaration identifying the value of the certificates and
DENIES as Moot the motions to exclude other evidence. The
Court also GRANTS the Defendants' motions for summary
judgment on all of SFE's claims because SFE has failed to
meet its burden of establishing Article III standing. In the
alternative, even if SFE has established standing, summary
judgment would be appropriate on all of SFE's claims based
on lack of damages except for the breach of contract claims,
which would be limited to nominal damages.
*19  In light of the significant impact that this Order will have
on the case, the Court DIRECTS SFE and Orix and their lead
counsel to hold a face-to-face meeting to discuss settlement
of this case by January 15, 2008. By January 30, 2008, Orix
is ORDERED to notify the Court in writing of (1) whether
the parties have reached a settlement, and, if not, (2) whether
it intends to pursue its counterclaims against SFE. The Court
will defer disposition of SFE's motion for summary judgment
on Orix's counterclaims until that time. The trial setting and
the deadlines imposed by the scheduling order (doc. 469)
are also stayed until that time. Because Wells Fargo has no
counterclaims against SFE, Wells Fargo is DISMISSED from
this case.
SO ORDERED
All Citations
Not Reported in F.Supp.2d, 2007 WL 4410370, 69
Fed.R.Serv.3d 986, RICO Bus.Disp.Guide 11,429
Footnotes
1 On August 2, 2007, the Court dismissed Orix Capital Markets Partnership from the case pursuant to Federal Rule of
Civil Procedure 4(m) (doc. 309).
2 The Court will use the following designations for the Defendants: (1) “Orix Defendants” includes Orix, Orix USA,
Dinan, Wurst, Weiner, and Thompson; (2) “Defendants” includes the Orix Defendants and Wells Fargo; (3) “Individual
Defendants” includes Dinan, Wurst, Weiner, and Thompson.
3 Both Wells Fargo and Orix point out that Orix foreclosed on a Louisiana apartment building which served as collateral for a
loan that was sold into the MLMI Trust. (Wells Fargo's Br. 5). This apartment building was owned by Cyrus II Partnership.
(Id.). Bahar Development, of which Mondona Rafizadeh was President, was the general partner of Cyrus II. (Id.). This
foreclosure resulted in a $10 million judgment against Mondona Rafizadeh, among others. (Id.). Approximately three
months later, SFE, which was incorporated by Mondona Rafizadeh's husband and is managed by her son and nephews,
purchased certificates in the MLMI Trust. (Id.). Three months after that, SFE purchased certificates in the FULBBA Trust.
(Id.).

## Page 14

Super Future Equities, Inc. v. Wells Fargo Bank Minnesota, N.A., Not Reported in...
69 Fed.R.Serv.3d 986, RICO Bus.Disp.Guide 11,429
 © 2025 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 14
4 While the Court has not relied on these arguments, Wells Fargo contends that Arjmandi is incompetent to testify because
he is neither an expert nor an owner of the certificates. (Wells Fargo's Reply 7). He also never represented that he was
familiar with the market value of the certificates, which Wells Fargo claims is a prerequisite to testimony by an owner. (Id.).
5 SFE listed the following categories of damages:“(a) Amounts overbilled to the MLMI and FULBBA Trusts, an amount in
excess of $10 million, for improper litigation expenses. (b) Amounts of improper fees, advancement reimbursements, and
interest paid to Defendants in an amount to be discovered. (c) The purchase price of the MLMI and FULBBA Certificates
purchased by Plaintiff in an amount of approximately $164,700. (d) All payments made to the ORIX Conspirator
Defendants with respect to their ‘B Pieces' after the date on which such certificates should have been ‘junked’ and to
the extent the losses sustained by the FULBBA and MLMI Trusts exceeded the par value of the B Pieces investment,
an amount to be discovered .(e) The amount of profits the ORIX Conspirators gained through sale of the improperly
inflated and continued ‘B pieces,’ an amount believed to be in excess of $20 million dollars. (f) Any other gains realized
from the breach of fiduciary obligations by Defendants, an amount to be discovered. (g) Amounts lost to the Trust as a
result of the performing loans which were foreclosed by ORIX with Wells Fargo's blessing, an amount to be discovered.
(h) Amounts gained by Defendants from improper foreclosure on performing loans or by reselling foreclosed properties
to itself or entities with which Defendants had an affiliation, an amount to be discovered .(i) The value of Wells Fargo's
‘Master Servicing Right’ assets attributable to its involvement with the MLMI and FULBBA Trusts, an amount to be
discovered.” (Orix App. 473; similar list at Wells Fargo Sealed App. 11).
6 SFE listed the following categories of damages: “(a) Amounts of master servicing, special servicing, trustee, and other
fees (such as modification fees, late charges, default interest, and defeasance fees), paid to Defendants in connection
with their activities for the MLMI and FULBBA Trusts, an amount exceeding $29,355,497. (b) Amounts of interest paid
to Defendants on advances and expenses (including principal and interest advances, litigation advances, and custodial
balances), an amount exceeding $1,865,814. (c) The purchase price of the MLMI and FULBBA Certificates purchased by
SFE, an amount of $165,000, or their diminishment in value, an amount no less than $24,700. (d) Distribution payments
made to the ORIX Defendants with respect to their ‘B Pieces,’ an amount no less than $20,000,000. (e) The amount of
profits the ORIX Defendants gained through sale of their ‘B pieces' in the MLMI and FULBBA Trust, an amount no less
than $40,000,000. (f) Amounts gained by Defendants from sale of collateral properties for liquidated loans not credited
to the Trusts, an amount no less than $4,500,000. (g) Any other gains or profits or benefits Defendants received in
connection with their activities for the MLMI and FULBBA Trusts, such as diverting settlement amounts through non-Trust
accounts or improper purchases of Trust assets. (h) Any tax penalties suffered by SFE as a result of improper actions
of the Defendants in connection with administering the Trusts. (i) The value of Wells Fargo's ‘Mortgage Servicing Right’
assets attributable to its involvement with the MLMI and FULBBA Trusts.” (Orix App. 478; Wells Fargo App. 1432).
7 SFE did not file a response to Orix or Wells Fargo's motion to strike evidence.
8 The Court need not consider the Defendants' other motions to exclude SFE's evidence because it finds in favor of the
Defendants on all of SFE's claims.
9 Orix cited Red Roof Inns, Inc. v. Murat Holdings, LLC, 2006 WL 2458563, at *5 (Tex.App.-Dallas 2006) for the proposition
that the tort claims should be governed by Texas law because they depend upon an “ ‘interpretation and enforcement’
of the PSA's.” However, this opinion was subsequently withdrawn and substituted with an opinion stating, “A choice
of law provision in a contract that applies only to the interpretation and enforcement of the contract does not govern
tort claims.” Red Roof Inns, Inc. v. Murat Holding, LL, 223 S.W.3d 676, 684 (Tex.App.-Dallas 2007, no pet. h.) (citing
Stier v. Reading & Bates Corp., 992 S.W.2d 423, 433 (Tex.1999)). In Red Roof Inns, the Court held that even though
the franchise agreement contained a choice of law provision in favor of Ohio law, the claims for tortious interference,
Louisiana Unfair Trade Practices Act violation, fraud/negligent misrepresentation, and breach of fiduciary duty would be
governed by Louisiana law. Id. at 685. The breach of fiduciary duty claim was based on the actions and statements
of the officers in inspecting the hotel and the fraud/negligent misrepresentation claim was based on failure to disclose
certain information. Id.
10 SFE appears to abandon its argument that its damages include potential tax consequences to the certificate holders
because it does not mention this alleged injury in its responses. SFE's expert has conceded that he is unaware that Wells
Fargo failed to comply with tax regulations to the detriment of the Trusts. (Wells Fargo App. 42).

## Page 15

Super Future Equities, Inc. v. Wells Fargo Bank Minnesota, N.A., Not Reported in...
69 Fed.R.Serv.3d 986, RICO Bus.Disp.Guide 11,429
 © 2025 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 15
11 In its response, SFE points to Arjmandi's declaration discussing the Charles Schwab account records and the Charles
Schwab account records themselves. (SFE App. 576-97). To the extent that SFE contends that the account records
alone are sufficient evidence of injury, the Court rejects this argument because these records should be excluded under
Federal Rule of Evidence 702. In Van Der AA Investments, Inc. v. Comm'r of Internal Revenue, 125 T.C. 1, at *4, 2005 WL
1580806 (T.C.2005), the Court refused to consider as evidence on a motion for summary judgment an Arthur Anderson
report describing the fair market value of the company. The report was supported by an affidavit of an officer of the
company stating that the company had engaged Arthur Anderson to determine this value. Id. The Court reasoned that
since the author had relied on specialized knowledge to prepare the report, it would not be admissible unless the author
was testifying as an expert. Id. at *6 (citing Fed.R.Evid. 702). Allowing the introduction of the report “would allow the
introduction of opinion testimony by lay witnesses in the form of a report as to scientific, technical, or other specialized
matters and would allow an expert to express his opinions in a report without being subject to cross-examination on the
facts and data underlying that opinion.” Id. In this case, admitting the Charles Schwab account records would allow SFE
to present evidence of the value of the certificates without giving the Defendants the opportunity to cross-examine the
author of the report. Wells Fargo made a similar argument with respect to Arjmandi's declaration. (Wells Fargo's Reply
7-8 (citing Fed.R.Evid. 702; Wilson v. Woods, 163 F.3d 935, 937 (5th Cir.1999)) (“Rather, he [Arjmandi] admits he simply
downloaded and presented as expert evidence account statements from Charles Schwab. In other words, rather than
presenting an expert whose opinions and methodology could be scrutinized, Mr. Arjmandi simply reads the opinion of a
third party [the Charles Schwab report] who proffers a ‘market value’ from time to time, without any explanation of how
that term is defined, how the opinion is developed or the qualification of the individual developing it. This is no evidence
and should be disregarded.”). Wells Fargo did not specifically raise this objection with respect to the Charles Schwab
account statements themselves; however, this Court may raise the issue of the admissibility of evidence sua sponte. See
United States v. Wallace, 972 F.2d 344, at *3. (4th Cir.1992).
12 The Court recognizes that there is a distinction between showing the existence of damages and quantifying those
damages and that a plaintiff need not present evidence quantifying its damages. Potomac Elec. Co. v. Electric Motor &
Supply, Inc., 262 F.3d 260, 265 (4th Cir.2001); see also Dyll v. Adams, 167 F.3d 945, 947 (5th Cir.1999) (applying Texas
law) (quoting McKnight v. Hill & Hill Exterminators, 689 S.W.2d 206, 207 (Tex.1985) (“Uncertainty as to the fact of legal
damages is fatal to recovery, but uncertainty as to the amount will not defeat recovery.”) However, the Court finds that
SFE has not provided sufficient evidence to show the existence of damages.
13 Wells Fargo moved for summary judgment on the ground that there was no evidence that their conduct caused the
alleged decline in the market value of the certificates, and Orix made this argument in its Reply Brief (Wells Fargo's Br.
16, Orix's Reply 5-6).
14 The standard for summary judgment mirrors the standard for a directed verdict and requires “sufficient evidence favoring
the nonmoving party for a jury to return a verdict for that party.” Anderson v. Liberty Lobby, Inc., 477 U.S. 242, 249-50,
106 S.Ct. 2505, 91 L.Ed.2d 202 (1986).
15 The interrogatory stated: “Please state the amounts of monies paid by the MLMI Trust to ORIX Capital Markets, LLC as
Servicer and/or Special Servicer for each year the inception of the MLMI Trust to the present for each of the following:
(a) repayment of principal and interest (P & I) advances; (b) repayment of litigation expenses; (c) repayment of other
advances; (d) interest paid on P & I advances, advances for litigation expenses, and other servicing advances; (e)
fees for serving as master servicer; (f) fees for serving as special servicer and (g) any other fees or reimbursement of
expenses.” (SFE App. 1551-52). The interrogatory for the FULBBA trust was almost identical. (SFE App. 1558-59).
16 SFE also cites pages 237-76 of its appendix in support of disgorgement damages against Orix and Wells Fargo. This
citation is to several pages of graphs with no label or any explanation of what these documents are. The Court will
disregard this evidence.
17 Because the Court has granted the Defendants' motions for summary judgment on all of SFE's claims, it is unnecessary
for the Court to consider the other grounds for summary judgment.

## Page 16

Super Future Equities, Inc. v. Wells Fargo Bank Minnesota, N.A., Not Reported in...
69 Fed.R.Serv.3d 986, RICO Bus.Disp.Guide 11,429
 © 2025 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 16
End of Document © 2025 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S.
Government Works.
